{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh14240\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 FOREX\
This is the main code. Here, the Strategy Double7 is used. Then, the data is split into multiple time slots using myFLA to perform the Forward Looking Analysis. Using the In Sample data of one time slot at a time (for w\'85), all variables are being optimized using optParam. Then, the variables are being used for the corresponding Out of Sample data. This repeats for all data sets. The results can be plotted and also stored in the summarytable. The parameters used in each iteration are stored in summarytable2. Furthermore, some useful result variables are returned like Average % PL, Time invested in the market,\'85 \
\
\
sDouble7()\
This is the function of the strategy. The position vector is created and, using evalTrades(), the trades are being made. \
The strategy is simple. For a Long trade you use these rules: \
\
1. Current Close price > M-day EMA. (Or: stock is above its M-day moving average)\
2. Current Low is lower than the lowest low of the previous N days. (Or: stock closes at a N-day low, buy)\
3. Current High is higher than high of the previous N days. (Or: stock closes at a N-day high, sell the long position)\
For a Short trade you use these rules vv. \
\
Furthermore, there is the option to plot a candle diagram with all signals, position openings and closings. This makes it a lot easier to explain a strategy. \
\
\
evalTrades()\
Takes the position vector and creates trades. Being in the market neutrally is built in. It always uses the Open price to Buy and Sell, except if TP or SL are triggered. \
If a signal occurs it opens a position the next day on the Opening price. If another signal occurs it closes on the next day on the Opening price.\
Eg.: 0, 0, 0, -
\f1\b 1, -1, -1, 0,
\f0\b0  0, 0,\
New signal\'97^   ^\'97 Open position on Opening price\
Eg.: 0, 0, 0, 
\f1\b -1, -1, -1, 0, 
\f0\b0 0
\f1\b ,
\f0\b0  0,\
	    New signal \'97^   ^\'97 Closes position on Opening price \
\
\
optParam()\
This function runs all iterations and is the most expensive as it iterates all given possible sets of variables (using brute force). Parfor can be used.\
\
\
cutData()\
This function detects large Gaps in the time series. If there are one or more large gaps, eg. 2 years, the part of the time series with a larger coherent time series is chosen as data.\
\
\
detectGap()\
If there are one or more small gaps, eg. just a few days, in the time series this function considers them simply by counting the number of missing days. \
\
}